REQ-ID: RJE3
Description: A customer shall be able to easily select and return tickets without making any mistakes on their first use of the ticket return process. 
Type: Non-functional requirement – Usability and Humanity (Type 11)
Rationale: The ticket return process must be easy to use on the first attempt to prevent customers from becoming frustrated, abandoning the return process and selling their unwanted tickets by other means. The product shall minimise customer mistakes, such as inadvertently returning tickets they wanted to retain from their assigned collection. Such mistakes would diminish the reputation of the product in the eyes of the customer.
Fit Criterion: The tickets intended to be returned shall be shown as unallocated from the customer and returned to the product after the customer has completed the return process. 90% of ticket returns shall be completed within 4 minutes with 100% accuracy.
Originator: Thomas Shelby – Business Development Manager
Comments: [M814-ModuleChair] Add comments below, making sure to include your initials in [] at the start.
[RJE] – requirement created 5th March 2019. Assumptions made: The test criteria (group size, ticket return combination, time allowed and accuracy for success ) would have been discussed and verified with the client.
[PJ] For the fit criterion, I would question whether any tickets returned by a panel member following their first return are a valid test given that the rationale states "on the first attempt". They could also skew the results as panelists will naturally become quicker as they repeat the same task. I would suggest updating the fit criterion with metrics that involve each panel member only returning a single ticket.
[JB] 1) "available for re-sale in the real time ticket inventory after the customer has completed the return process" The wording doesn't quite match the imposed requirement that the tickets are not made immediately available for resale, but Polly and co will re-allocate on a daily basis, the requirement is more that the tickets are un-allocated from the customer after the completion of the process, there is a functional requirement which mandates where they go then. 2) I don't think it's wise to get bogged down in how the testing is achieved, simply broadly define the criteria, "90% of ticket returns should happen within 4 minutes, with a 100% return success rate". It's up to the UI folk to test what they are putting together achieves that.
[RJE] 8th March 2019 - Revised Fit Criterion following review comments. 