REQ-ID: MG3
Description: The product shall maintain an up-to-date record of all tickets purchased by all customers.
Type: 12 (Performance).
Rationale: To ensure that a ticket being returned can be validated against the requesting customer’s current ticket purchases.
Fit Criterion: The customer's ticket purchase record must reflect the accurate (complete and correct), up-to-date (no more than 60 second delay) status of all tickets purchased by the customer (e.g. whether 'purchased', 'returned', 'expired', 'cancelled') prior to the current ticket return transaction.
Originator: Polly Gray, Domestic Ticket Sales.
Comments: [MG] Created on 05/03/2019.  I have assumed that ticketing transactions and recording will be real-time processing.  I have also assumed that Polly raised the performance requirement; although, it's likely an analyst would have introduced this in discussion with the clients.  The suggested ticket status values are an illustration only - actual values and logic to decide whether a matched ticket can be returned would be documented as a new functional requirement.

[AEG] -- BEGIN
The fit criterion is appropriate because it provides measurements to test the requirement; it demands that the system keeps a history of tickets in general, which in effect traces the status of the tickets. This is acceptable. However it would be much clearer to reformulate the fit criterion as close as this example; "The product shall keep a history of tickets, and the status of a ticket must include "reserved", "returned", "expired", "new/none" and "cancelled". Note that I added the status "new/none" because the history starts from creation of the ticket.
[AEG] -- END
[RJE] 9th March 2019 - Perhaps it would be good to quantify 'up to date', especially as this is categorised as a performance NFR ? You mention assuming real time ticketing performance, but is that in terms of minutes, seconds or msecs on such a system ?  Such a quantification could help when subsequently creating the acceptance test.
[MG 20190310] Amended description, rationale, and added measures for accuracy and up-to-date to fit criterion.
[TP] I also believe the Fit Criterion is appropriate, and appreciate the changes to the measures for accuracy. I would also specify for how long should the records be kept, and detail which field should be included.
