REQ-ID: DIA-3
Description: The product shall provide a mechanism which is easy to use and understand, for entering the reason for returning one or more tickets
Type: NFR - Usability
Rationale: So that the reason recorded for the return is accurate
Fit Criterion: It shall take less than 5 seconds to enter the reason for return for 95% of returns and no more than 20 seconds for the rest.
Originator: Polly Gray and Thomas Shelby
Comments: [DIA] Created on 03/03/2019
[DIA] Modified on 03/03/2019 to include creation date.


[AEG] -- BEGIN
The fit criterion would be watertight if the intention is to select the "reason" from a list of words or phrases, provided the list is short. However, the selection of phrases was not mentioned in the requirement which makes it difficult to test the requirement with the fit criterion. Assuming the input mechanism is a free-text, 5 seconds will not be enough for most users especially the elderly ones, in this case, 95% would be a subjective value. Moreover, even if an agent handles the input, five seconds may be enough for selecting a reason from a list but not close if writing longer text, unless the agent is extremely fast in typing and is experienced in his/her work - the user also has to be fast telling the story. 

It also makes sense to provide a "selection list" and a "free-text" with fixed length for a detailed description of other reasons not in the list, to give the user more freedom. Taking all these into consideration, the fit criterion for this requirement may be close to this: "it shall take less than 20 seconds for an average user/persona to complete the input required for ticket returns" -  input, in this case, is a list or a free-text and possibly an additional field to enter/select the ticket number.
[AEG] -- END
Comment[AM01]I think 5 seconds to write a reason will be too less per user if the user is typing. Fit criterion does not match fully with the description.
Comment[JB]: Fit Criterion: possibly worth extending this to mandate the times are for people entering data in their native language, the localisation of the interface is never going to be complete, so for many people it will be in some second language. Trying to measure how fast people can respond in a second language is a bit of a rabbit hole though. Regarding AM01, I find the fit criterion close, because the timed aspect is not a measurement of performance, but a measurement of the convenience of the interface, and the more convenient it is, the more likely people are to enter a valid reason, rather than 'other', and hence the rationale is met.
Comment[JB]: Regarding AEG1, this is straying close to implementation, it's probably exactly how it will be implemented, but the fit criterion is good for the requirement, 'It should be so convenient that it takes little time, the majority of the time', ie, 5 secs for a radio button list, more time for a free text box.When it gets to the point of implementation, then the nature of that tries to match the fit criteria; if it does end up as a list, then maybe it requires prototyping and trying out different reason words or phrases to meet the target.
