REQ-ID:PJ3
Description:A ticket can only be added to the list to re-allocate by the specified process.
Type:Non-Functional Requirement - Security - Access
Rationale:To avoid the risk of tickets being re-allocated fraudulently
Fit Criterion:The principle of least privilege is applied to the re-allocation list.
Originator: Security Expert at Software Masters
Comments: [M814-ModuleChair] Add comments below, making sure to include your initials in [] at the start.
[PJ] I have assumed that there will be an assigned security expert at software masters responsible for identifying non functional security requirements.
[WD] In relation to 'only the account .. is given permission', this statement appears vague and leaves it open to interpretation of what account level is authorised to run the automated. Inclusion of perhaps a specific account-type would remove the ambiguity as 'account' could be conceived as being from any level that can access the system and specifying the account level would strengthen the Fit Criterion. 
[PJ] Thanks for the comment William, very much appreciated. Given that the 'level' of an account is essentially the permissions it has, I've been clearer about the permissions that should be given to the account. The comment also made me reflect on being specific that the account that runs the process should only be used to run that process, to avoid other processes running under that account that don't need to update the re-allocation list having permissions to update it.
[JG] While the description reads as a discrete requirement, the fit criteria (sic) are just that, and read like multiple requirements. At the very least this is solutionising.
[PJ] Thank you very much for the feedback Jeff, I've revised the description and fit criterion to make it less solutionised. The 'process' in the description may not be what we consider to be a computer process but rather the agreed method of adding tickets to the list.

[AE] IT experts may understand this principle immediately but a stakeholder without any technical background may not be familiar with the term, so it would be much better to user simpler terms such as "role". An example would be as follows: "Only those in manager role shall modify the reallocation list" -  its just an example, it could as well be "Ticket allocation role".